Web Design:

I turn your ideas into a web ready design. If you don’t know exactly what you want, I’ll work with you to make sure you have a site that works for you. I will learn about your business goals and design your site around that. It’s important to have a stunning site, but its also important to have a site that gets the results you’re looking for. 

Responsive Design:

With more and more visitors using mobile devices, having a site that is responsive is extremely important. Not every site will need to be responsive. If this is the right solution for you, however, I’ve got you covered. I take a mobile first approach to build you a site that looks great on all screen sizes and tells your story, no matter what device you’re on.


Marketing:

Do you already have a website that works for you, but you still need a way to grow your business. I will work with you to come up with a solution that fits your needs. From email campaigns to social media management, I offer solutions that will help you reach your goals.

Analytics & Consulting:

It is important to understand how you can better serve your customers. If your current website is not performing, there could be a reason for that. I offer options to evaluate your current site to give you insight on how to improve your user’s experience. A better user experience means more customers and happier customers.


PORTFOLIO DESCRIPTIONS

GlazenUrban:
This is the home of GlazenUrban, a community development company in the heart of Cleveland. GlazenUrban focuses on funding businesses with a proven track record of success, that are ready to take things to the next level. GlazenUrban was founded by Alan Glazen who was involved Cleveland Hustles and now The Cleveland Chain Reaction on CNBC. There are parts of the site that I advised against (specifically the background image at the top due to quality issues), however the client wanted to move forward with the assets he provided.

Fat Sunday:
This site is also still under development. Fat Sunday is a meal prep service for individuals and families that are too busy to cook, but still want to eat healthy. I not only designed the site, but I also designed the logo as well. This was the first client site that I started working on. The development of this site was put on hold by the client in order to have me work on a logo for another business they own. That work has now been completed so the work on the site will continue shortly. This site is currently going to act as a customer facing marketing tool. Once the business scales, they will be looking to add online ordering and payment solutions right on the site.

Zen Metro Spa:
This site is still under development pending confirmation of certain things from the client (i.e. colors, photos, etc.). This site was built as a redesign of their current site (zenmetrospa.com). The current site is not responsive and not very user friendly. I am providing a responsive solution to ensure that no matter the device, their customers will still have an enjoyable experience on their site. I will also being adding an employee profile page. The employee profile page will be in the 'flip card' style, and it will give their customers a chance to 'meet' their stylist before even walking through the door.




WHY US SECTION FOR PROPOSALS:

UX by RW is a collaborative of creatives, which allows us to offer a multitude of services to help your business grow. We provide large agency capabilities with a small agency feel. We take care to give all of our clients a personal touch, and we measure our success by the level of our clients success.

UX by RW is a collaborative of creatives, which allows us to offer a multitude of services to help your business grow. We provide large agency capabilities with the attention that a small agency provides. We take care to give all of our clients a personal touch, and we measure our success by the level of our clients success.











